README.md, before:

ajjackson's new dotfiles
------------------------

Declaring bankruptcy and starting again

Things that worked well last time
=================================

    - Org-babel
      - One file for emacs config and one file for everything else actually seemed to be a decent way of dividing

    - Using one repository that works for multiple machines (as opposed to previous effort with Git branches)

Things to try differently
=========================

    - Public on Github instead of private on bitbucket
      - Bitbucket's new authentication setup is _really_ cumbersome for something I want to clone quickly on a new system and push changes from.
      - I don't really have any secrets in here anyway?

    - Ditch the email stuff. I really did prefer notmuch to webmail, but every other aspect of configuration was too painful to keep up, and most of my accounts use Exchange now :-(

    - Use elisp to conditionally tangle different stuff on different machines. I was finding it a bit tricky to specify the different use-cases / environments in previous hackery, the extra power should be helpful

    - Don't name the setup script setup.py, that was really confusing because of Python conventions

    - Consider using `stow` to distribute files that have system-dependent locations:
        - org-babel can tangle to a standard tree within a temporary director or this source folder
        - then call `stow -t /suitable/root/position [packages]` to copy them

Things that remain a bit of a headache
======================================

    - Warnings/errors from uninstalled emacs packages.
    - It would be really nice if stow could easily be diffed against the current version. Maybe some kind of --dryrun/--diff mode can be added to make.el that handles this. Would need to:
      - Copy current stow files to a temporary directory
      - Re-stow from the temporary directory
      - Tangle files (which is hard-coded to the "main" stow path)
      - Diff the temporarary (and still-live) version with the new tangle
      - Clean up by deleting the newly-tangled files, moving back the temporary stow tree and re-linking everything to the normal path.

    - That would be made a lot easier by putting all the stow directories under a folder rather than using the main source directory. It also makes it easier to .gitignore them?


Instructions
============

- `./make.el` to tangle dotfiles to directories
- `stow -t $HOME i3` to symlink things to ~/.config and ~/.local/bin
  - Once there are more packages and machines set up, this should be
    included in `make.el`, fired off by an optional argument.

Commit message:

Dmenu setup, make better use of local PATH
Key thing is to get PATH setup in .profile!

README.md, after:

ajjackson's new dotfiles
------------------------

Declaring bankruptcy and starting again

Things that worked well last time
=================================

    - Org-babel
      - One file for emacs config and one file for everything else actually seemed to be a decent way of dividing

    - Using one repository that works for multiple machines (as opposed to previous effort with Git branches)

Things to try differently
=========================

    - Public on Github instead of private on bitbucket
      - Bitbucket's new authentication setup is _really_ cumbersome for something I want to clone quickly on a new system and push changes from.
      - I don't really have any secrets in here anyway?

    - Ditch the email stuff. I really did prefer notmuch to webmail, but every other aspect of configuration was too painful to keep up, and most of my accounts use Exchange now :-(

    - Use elisp to conditionally tangle different stuff on different machines. I was finding it a bit tricky to specify the different use-cases / environments in previous hackery, the extra power should be helpful

    - Don't name the setup script setup.py, that was really confusing because of Python conventions

    - Consider using `stow` to distribute files that have system-dependent locations:
        - org-babel can tangle to a standard tree within a temporary director or this source folder
        - then call `stow -t /suitable/root/position [packages]` to copy them

Things that remain a bit of a headache
======================================

    - Warnings/errors from uninstalled emacs packages.
    - It would be really nice if stow could easily be diffed against the current version. Maybe some kind of --dryrun/--diff mode can be added to make.el that handles this. Would need to:
      - Copy current stow files to a temporary directory
      - Re-stow from the temporary directory
      - Tangle files (which is hard-coded to the "main" stow path)
      - Diff the temporarary (and still-live) version with the new tangle
      - Clean up by deleting the newly-tangled files, moving back the temporary stow tree and re-linking everything to the normal path.

    - That would be made a lot easier by putting all the stow directories under a folder rather than using the main source directory. It also makes it easier to .gitignore them?


Instructions
============

- If using i3, make sure local paths are visible. (i.e. add ~/.local/bin to PATH in ~/.profile)
- `./make.el` to tangle dotfiles to directories
- `stow -t $HOME i3` to symlink things to ~/.config and ~/.local/bin
  - Once there are more packages and machines set up, this should be
    included in `make.el`, fired off by an optional argument.
